data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/Plugins/colorer/plug/colorer.far-plug-wide far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/CHANGELOG.md     far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/catalog.xml      far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/auto/empty.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/asm.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/c-unix.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/c-win32.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/c.hrc   far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/cpp-qt.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/cpp.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/csharp.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/d.hrc   far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/d1-phobos.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/d1-tango.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/d2-phobos.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/forth.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/fortran.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/fsharp.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/gen/perl-brackets.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/go.hrc  far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/groovy.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/haxe.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/idl.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/java.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/js.net.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/kotlin-jdk.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/kotlin-runtime.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/kotlin.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/lua.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/nix.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/pascal.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/perl-heredoc.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/perl-keyword-pack.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/perl-keywords.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/perl-vars.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/perl-vars.pkg.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/perl-vars.pkg.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/perl.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/python.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/ruby.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/ruby.kw-class.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/ruby.kw.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/rust.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/scala.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/tcltk.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/vb.net.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/base/vbasic.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/db/clarion.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/db/clipper.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/db/foxpro.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/db/mysql.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/db/paradox.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/db/sql.hrc   far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/db/sqlj.hrc  far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/actionscript.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/adp.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/asp.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/asp.js.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/asp.ps.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/asp.vb.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/coldfusion.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/css.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/erb.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/gen/htc.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/gen/html-entity-lat1.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/gen/html-entity-special.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/gen/html-entity-symbol.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/gen/html-entity.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/gen/php-gen.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/gen/rss.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/gen/svg.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/gen/wml.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/gen/xbl.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/gen/xhtml-frameset.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/gen/xhtml-strict.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/gen/xhtml-trans.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/graphql.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/gsp.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/haml.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/html-css.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/html.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/jscript.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/jsp.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/less.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/mxml.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/php-script.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/php.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/sass.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/shpaml.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/smarty.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/ss.hrc  far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/svg-css.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/twig.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/inet/vbscript.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/lib/default.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/lib/doxygen.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/lib/far-macro-string.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/lib/far.hrc  far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/lib/message.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/lib/ole.hrc  far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/lib/regexp.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/lib/uri.hrc  far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/lib/uri.lang.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/misc/assa.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/misc/cue.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/misc/ddoc.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/misc/diff.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/misc/filesbbs.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/misc/markdown.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/misc/mediawiki.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/misc/srt.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/misc/text.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/php-prot.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/proto.hrc    far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/1c.hrc  far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/a51-5.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/abap4.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/ada.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/adsp.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/ahdl.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/asasm.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/asm80.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/autoit.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/avr-5.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/baan.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/cache.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/cobol.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/cobolfr.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/cup.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/diet.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/dssp.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/eiffel.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/erlang.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/flex.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/gen/ibatis2-sql-map-config.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/gen/ibatis2-sql-map-pack.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/gen/ibatis2-sql-map.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/gen/log4j.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/gen/parser-brackets.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/gen/parser-ex.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/gen/parser.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/gen/xsieve.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/gen/xsieve.xsd-pack.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/gen/yml.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/haskell.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/icon.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/ie-weidu/baf.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/ie-weidu/dialog.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/ie-weidu/tp2.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/ie-weidu/tp2h.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/ie-weidu/tra.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/application-client_1_4.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/application-client_5.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/application_1_2.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/application_1_3.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/application_1_4.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/application_5.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/connector_1_0.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/connector_1_5.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/ejb-jar_1_1.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/ejb-jar_2_0.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/ejb-jar_2_1.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/ejb-jar_3_0.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/j2ee_jaxrpc_mapping_1_1.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/j2ee_web_services_1_0.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/j2ee_web_services_1_1.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/javaee_web_services_1_2.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/javaee_web_services_metadata_handler_2_0.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/web-app_2_3.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/web-app_2_4.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/web-app_2_5.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/web-facesconfig_1_0.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/web-facesconfig_1_1.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/web-facesconfig_1_2.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/web-jsptaglibrary_1_1.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/web-jsptaglibrary_1_2.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/web-jsptaglibrary_2_0.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/j2ee/web-jsptaglibrary_2_1.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/jcl.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/json.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/lisp.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/llvm.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/mako.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/mason.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/matlab.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/modula.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/nesc.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/ocaml.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/olextend.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/picasm.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/pl1.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/postscript.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/qrm/atl.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/qrm/dii.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/qrm/rpt.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/rexx.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/aditor.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/adm.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/cobolsql.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/cppsql.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/csql.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/edif.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/eum.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/gpss.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/irclog.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/kixtart.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/litestep.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/lss.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/mancolor.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/mel.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/micqlog.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/ppwizard.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/pvwave.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/rib.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/rsmac.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/scn.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/sdml.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/sl.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/spt.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/urq.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/vim.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/scripts/vismod.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/sml.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/sprolog.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/stata.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/tprolog.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/ubasic.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/verilog.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/vhdl.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/yaml.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare/z80.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare.gen.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare.ie-weidu.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare.j2ee.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare.qrm.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/rare.scripts.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/acapella/acapella.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/acapella/acapellaLink.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/apache.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/asn1.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/avisynth.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/awk.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/batch.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/cmake/cmake-auto.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/cmake/cmake.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/cmake/cmake.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/colorer/bkt.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/colorer/colorer5catalog.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/colorer/ent.hrc.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/colorer/hrc.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/colorer/hrd.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/colorer/xsd2hrc.custom.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/config.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/dcl.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/dfm.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/dockerfile.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/far/farhelp.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/far/farlng.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/far/farmailscript.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/far/farmenu.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/far/gen/calcset.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/far/gen/esc.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/far/macro.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/far/macrolib.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/far/macroliblua.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/far/tgs.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/far/truemac.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/gen/ant.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/gen/qrc.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/gen/sh-brackets.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/gen/wsc.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/gen/wsf.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/graphviz.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/hcl/hcl.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/hcl/terraform.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/ini/bootini.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/ini/configsys.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/ini/ini.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/ini/msdossys.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/ini/reg.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/iss.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/javacc.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/javapolicy.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/javaprop.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/lemon.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/lex.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/linkdef.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/m4.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/makefile.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/mkb.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/msg/email.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/msg/farmsg.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/msg/fidomsg.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/msg/pms.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/nsi.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/pnuts.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/powershell.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/qmake.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/r.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/rarscrpt.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/resrc.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/rtf.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/rul.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/scons.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/sh-keywords.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/sh.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/shell-bash.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/shell-posix.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/solution.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/squirrel.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/tex.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/vrml.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts/yacc.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts.colorer.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts.far.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts.ini.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/scripts.msg.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/dtd.hrc  far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/dtdcatalog.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/gen/docbook.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/gen/mathml.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/gen/rdf.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/gen/rdfs.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/gen/relaxng.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/gen/schematron.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/gen/wsdl-soap.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/gen/wsdl.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/gen/xinclude.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/gen/xlink.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/gen/xmlcatalog.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/gen/xmlns.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/gen/xmlschema-instance.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/gen/xmlschema.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/gen/xslfo.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/gen/xslt.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/gen/xslt2.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/xml.hrc  far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/xpath-functions.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/xpath-re.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/xpath-xml.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/xpath.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/xpath.internal.hack.ent.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/xpath2.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrc/xml/xquery.hrc far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/catalog-console.xml far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/catalog-rgb.xml far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/catalog-text.xml far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/console/black.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/console/blue.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/console/contrib/black_ay.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/console/contrib/black_sezal.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/console/contrib/classic.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/console/contrib/cyberpunk.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/console/contrib/gray_pult.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/console/contrib/ocean.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/console/contrib/take4.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/console/contrib/visual.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/console/default.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/console/dnlike.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/console/emu/mirror.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/console/gray.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/console/hack.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/console/mirror.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/console/nc.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/console/white.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/console/xmastree.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/css/black.css far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/css/blue.css far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/css/contrib/bred3.css far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/css/contrib/fmx.css far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/css/contrib/navy-mirror.css far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/css/contrib/visual-rgb.css far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/css/eclipse.css far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/css/grayscale.css far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/css/hs.css   far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/css/mirice.css far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/css/mirror.css far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/css/navy.css far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/css/neo.css  far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/css/white.css far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/rgb/black.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/rgb/blue.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/rgb/contrib/bred3.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/rgb/contrib/fmx.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/rgb/contrib/navy-mirror.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/rgb/contrib/visual-rgb.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/rgb/default.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/rgb/eclipse.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/rgb/grayscale.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/rgb/hs.hrd   far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/rgb/mirice.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/rgb/mirror.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/rgb/navy.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/rgb/neo.hrd  far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/rgb/white.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/text/htmlcss.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/base/hrd/text/tags.hrd far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/plug/colorerb.lng     far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/plug/colorere.hlf     far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/plug/colorere.lng     far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/plug/colorerr.hlf     far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/plug/colorerr.lng     far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/colorer/plug/hrcsettings.xml  far2l-plugins-colorer
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/Plugins/NetRocks/plug/NetRocks-FILE.broker far2l-plugins-netrocks
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/Plugins/NetRocks/plug/NetRocks-FTP.broker far2l-plugins-netrocks
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/Plugins/NetRocks/plug/NetRocks-NFS.broker far2l-plugins-netrocks
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/Plugins/NetRocks/plug/NetRocks-SFTP.broker far2l-plugins-netrocks
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/Plugins/NetRocks/plug/NetRocks-SHELL.broker far2l-plugins-netrocks
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/Plugins/NetRocks/plug/NetRocks-SMB.broker far2l-plugins-netrocks
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/Plugins/NetRocks/plug/NetRocks-WebDAV.broker far2l-plugins-netrocks
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/Plugins/NetRocks/plug/NetRocks.far-plug-wide far2l-plugins-netrocks
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/NetRocks/plug/SHELL/remote.sh far2l-plugins-netrocks
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/NetRocks/plug/SHELL/ways.ini  far2l-plugins-netrocks
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/NetRocks/plug/bel.lng         far2l-plugins-netrocks
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/NetRocks/plug/eng.lng         far2l-plugins-netrocks
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/NetRocks/plug/helpe.hlf       far2l-plugins-netrocks
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/NetRocks/plug/helpr.hlf       far2l-plugins-netrocks
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/NetRocks/plug/rus.lng         far2l-plugins-netrocks
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/far2l_ttyx.broker                       far2l-ttyxi
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/far2l                                         far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/far2ledit                                     far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/Plugins/SimpleIndent/plug/SimpleIndent.far-plug-wide far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/Plugins/align/plug/align.far-plug-wide  far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/Plugins/autowrap/plug/autowrap.far-plug-wide far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/calc.far-plug-wide    far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/Plugins/compare/plug/compare.far-plug-wide far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/Plugins/drawline/plug/drawline.far-plug-wide far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/Plugins/editcase/plug/editcase.far-plug-wide far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/Plugins/editorcomp/plug/editorcomp.far-plug-wide far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/Plugins/filecase/plug/filecase.far-plug-wide far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/Plugins/incsrch/plug/incsrch.far-plug-wide far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/Plugins/inside/plug/inside.far-plug-mb  far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/Plugins/multiarc/plug/multiarc.far-plug-mb far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/Plugins/tmppanel/plug/tmppanel.far-plug-wide far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/far2l_askpass                           far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/far2l/far2l_sudoapp                           far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/far2l           far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/far2l/copyright                         far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/FarBel.lng                            far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/FarCze.lng                            far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/FarEng.hlf                            far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/FarEng.lng                            far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/FarGer.lng                            far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/FarHun.hlf                            far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/FarHun.lng                            far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/FarPol.lng                            far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/FarRus.hlf                            far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/FarRus.lng                            far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/FarSpa.lng                            far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/FarUkr.hlf                            far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/FarUkr.lng                            far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/align/plug/AlignBel.lng       far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/align/plug/AlignEng.lng       far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/align/plug/AlignRus.lng       far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/autowrap/plug/WrapBel.lng     far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/autowrap/plug/WrapEng.lng     far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/autowrap/plug/WrapRus.lng     far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/calcb.lng           far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/calce.hlf           far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/calce.lng           far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/calcr.hlf           far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/calcr.lng           far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/calcset.csr         far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/csr.dtd             far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/file_id.diz         far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/readme.txt          far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/units/angle.csr     far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/units/area.csr      far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/units/date.csr      far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/units/force.csr     far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/units/info.csr      far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/units/length.csr    far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/units/mass.csr      far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/units/pressure.csr  far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/units/speed.csr     far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/units/temperature.csr far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/units/time.csr      far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/units/volume.csr    far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/calc/plug/user-examples.csr   far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/compare/plug/CmpEng.hlf       far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/compare/plug/CmpRus.hlf       far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/compare/plug/CompBel.lng      far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/compare/plug/CompEng.lng      far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/compare/plug/CompRus.lng      far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/drawline/plug/DrawBel.lng     far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/drawline/plug/DrawEng.hlf     far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/drawline/plug/DrawEng.lng     far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/drawline/plug/DrawRus.hlf     far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/drawline/plug/DrawRus.lng     far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/editcase/plug/ECaseBel.lng    far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/editcase/plug/ECaseEng.hlf    far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/editcase/plug/ECaseEng.lng    far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/editcase/plug/ECaseRus.hlf    far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/editcase/plug/ECaseRus.lng    far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/editorcomp/plug/editorcomp_be.lng far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/editorcomp/plug/editorcomp_en.lng far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/editorcomp/plug/editorcomp_ru.lng far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/filecase/plug/CaseBel.lng     far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/filecase/plug/CaseEng.hlf     far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/filecase/plug/CaseEng.lng     far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/filecase/plug/CaseRus.hlf     far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/filecase/plug/CaseRus.lng     far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/incsrch/plug/incsrche.hlf     far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/incsrch/plug/incsrchr.hlf     far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/incsrch/plug/isrcbel.lng      far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/incsrch/plug/isrceng.lng      far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/incsrch/plug/isrcrus.lng      far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/inside/plug/bel.lng           far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/inside/plug/config.ini        far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/inside/plug/eng.lng           far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/inside/plug/rus.lng           far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/multiarc/plug/arcbel.lng      far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/multiarc/plug/arceng.hlf      far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/multiarc/plug/arceng.lng      far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/multiarc/plug/arcrus.hlf      far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/multiarc/plug/arcrus.lng      far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/multiarc/plug/custom.ini      far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/multiarc/plug/custom.ini.man.txt far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/tmppanel/plug/TmpBel.lng      far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/tmppanel/plug/TmpEng.hlf      far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/tmppanel/plug/TmpEng.lng      far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/tmppanel/plug/TmpRus.hlf      far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/Plugins/tmppanel/plug/TmpRus.lng      far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/closewait.sh                          far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/notify.sh                             far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/open.sh                               far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/ps.sh                                 far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/trash.sh                              far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/unmount.sh                            far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/view.sh                               far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/wslgclip.sh                           far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/wslgclip.vbs                          far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/far2l/xlats.ini                             far2l
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/far2l.1.gz                         far2l
